README.md, before:

# DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit

**DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit** is a free, open source project for the [Dark Engine's level editor called DromEd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Engine#DromEd) (ShockEd for System Shock 2 video game). It's basically a simple set of textures that makes easier to build fan missions.

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Kit Preview](https://image.ibb.co/kYWbaa/dledtk_preview.png)

## Install

You have two available options.

### Option 1: Cloning from GitHub

Start a new instance of the command interpreter `cmd` and locate your FM's `fam/` folder before cloning this repository as a new family.

```bash
$ cd C:\<path/to/your/local/fms/fam/folder>
$ git clone https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk.git
```

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Git Clone](https://image.ibb.co/cTZjTv/dledtk_gitclone.png)

You should now have a new folder called `dledtk`.

### Option 2: Downloading the latest release

Download the latest binary from the [Releases page](https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk/releases/latest). It's the easiest way to get started with **DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit**.

Extract the files into your FM's `fam/` folder in order to create a new family.

You should now have a new folder called `dledtk`.

## Usage

Import your new **DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit** textures family into DromEd level editor and apply them to your fan mission brushes.

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Import textures](https://image.ibb.co/nr4jTv/dledtk_importtextures.png)

## Contributing

You can create new textures using the PSD files (CS6) located into the `src/` folder.

Textures are based on this sizes guide (`dromed unit * pixel`):

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Reference Sizes](https://image.ibb.co/eQoFka/sizes.png)

## Licence

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Jonathan Linat

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit v1.1 (#1)
Updated to v1.1

README.md, after:

# DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit

**DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit** is a free, open source project for the [Dark Engine's level editor called DromEd](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Engine#DromEd) (ShockEd for System Shock 2 video game). It's basically a simple set of textures that makes easier to build fan missions.

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Kit Preview](https://image.ibb.co/kYWbaa/dledtk_preview.png)

> **Current version**: 1.1 (2017.3.24) - [**[Latest release](https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk/releases/latest)**] [[Online README](https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk/blob/master/README.md)] [[Project homepage](https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk)] [[TTLG thread](http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=147675&p=2351521&viewfull=1#post2351521)]

This set has **164 textures**: 1x1, 1x2, 1x4, 1x8; 2x1, 2x2, 2x4, 2x8; 4x1, 4x2, 4x4, 4x8; 8x1, 8x2, 8x4, 8x8 + 3 special ones. 

## Install

You have two available options.

### Option 1: Cloning from GitHub

Start a new instance of the command interpreter `cmd` and locate your FM's `fam/` folder before cloning this repository as a new family.

```bash
$ cd C:\<path/to/your/local/fms/fam/folder>
$ git clone https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk.git
```

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Git Clone](https://image.ibb.co/cTZjTv/dledtk_gitclone.png)

You should now have a new folder called `dledtk`.

### Option 2: Downloading the latest release

Download the latest binary from the [Releases page](https://github.com/jonathanlinat/dledtk/releases/latest). It's the easiest way to get started with **DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit**.

Extract the files into your FM's `fam/` folder in order to create a new family.

You should now have a new folder called `dledtk`.

## Usage

Import your new **DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit** textures family into DromEd level editor and apply them to your fan mission brushes.

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Import textures](https://image.ibb.co/nr4jTv/dledtk_importtextures.png)

## Contributing

You can create new textures using the PSD files (CS6) located into the `src/` folder. Use this guide to know the right texture sizes:

![DromEd Level Editor Developer Textures Kit - Sizes guide](https://image.ibb.co/mDynYv/dledtk_sizesguide.png)

## Licence

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Jonathan Linat

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
